I'm doing very well I both fight Mario
Berger
bong bong bong a fight but I think fight
another good yeah yeah it's nice to be
here it's nice to be back in Montreal I
love my job I always love macho it's
nice to be back living here again
memory.i Chris rooster ma pork what you
did over 200 yeah why you're back in
Montreal no quit I came back to Montreal
I have an opportunity maybe to get into
some radio I've been doing some things
and I'm hoping that at some point I can
get in at one of the stations here the
English stations or if I learn to speak
French but--there underfunded and Chris
it's a it's a it's a good time to be
well it's kind of a bizarre time but the
timing with everything that's happening
in any NHL now and things that we read
this morning in the show now the mohel
about fights let's start off you were
one of the greatest fighter good hockey
player too
you just had your statistic up and yet
seasons of 21 goals 16 goals 19 goals so
that you know would be one of the best
score right now they say it's harder to
school in all than it was then so what
are your thoughts now about enforcers
and fights in hockey I I just don't
think that the way they've changed the
rules that it allows that to happen as
much anymore they've changed the rules
to a point where why why should they
have a guy to fight out there they
shouldn't I believe I mean if the rules
are the same if they did it Beckman
doesn't want fighting in hockey he
doesn't want it on TV because he's
trying to sell it on the TV in the
United States and you don't think it'll
sell and I just
I believe he doesn't want it so why not
just take it out what Christine see
across the u.s. Osmond a llama or
remember about the Koberlein it's an
alphabet monopoly coca-cola happily
Salvi complete mass spa may Portuguese
jump or Chris alas even nowadays anyone
knows why Chris and summer it's a
Canadian Morial on the tissue will be
some form of a new pool parties you know
bonsoir
okay sapphic Pujols reach upon ski
sooner level a beggar motion a perky pre
the Vialis are calling it good Bato so
now I was saying is that you know all
the years that we played together okay
we you were there be a bush our Gillian
you guys were there to protect the best
player right I'm scared today if we stop
fighting you know those little that
510 511 if they wanna run after the good
players what's gonna happen it doesn't
make a difference anyway they're doing
it now
a guy like Matt cookie he's never paid
the price at all no one's paid the price
far as I could see and and you know we
had a guy here fighting for Georgia rock
you never fought it's like you that's
why
Wow yes maybe today you have to pay the
guy on top of her salary together before
yeah you know you give him another
salary you're getting a fight tonight
we'll give you a bonus it's crazy
III I think the league doesn't want it
and and everybody make excuse that it's
the the instigator rule the instigator
write to me that's that's a bunch of
crap it's bull because the team is gonna
kill a penalty like this you know if a
guy takes two minutes to fight a guy
yeah the team is gonna really bit down
and try and kill this it's better to
take instigator than a little hooking or
and keep little Christian so it's a
penis honey she's water it's on the
Bigfoot it's the Matt Cooke were
you gonna psyche is this a the
Pittsburgh he pier but they call the
video if it's all over here mark are
they like - I think oh hell I would say
it I'm sure mr. Lennon you're staying
with us
wait yeah because we have to go see
there - Jay
understand yeah yeah
I see a partisan the Nordik